this is the life of where
where great garza sada born on 11
January 1892 in Monterrey new lion
eugenio grew up together with his brother
younger Roberto with whom in the future
I would become a business partner
since childhood with the example of his father
Isaac Heron Heron and his mother consoled
Salva Muguerza received lessons that
then they would be fundamental in
his professional career I learned to
coexist with risk and problems
I assimilate the signs of patriotism
service to the modesty community of
personal demand and severity was
forging this personality that was going
reaching so many achievements
Eugenio attended primary school in
San Juan School in Saltillo Coahuila
I then go to Monterrey to study in
the noble school later for reasons
of the Mexican revolution his family
was forced to go to the United States
where he did in high school in the
Western academy a military institution
of the USA
in that same country in from massachusetts
institute of technology made its
university studies and obtained the
professional title of civil engineer in
then in 1917 of genius and heron cinema
Sada go back to Mexico once it
they controlled things to start
work in the cuauhtémoc brewery
his father's company isaac
It was the assistant department
sales with the passage of time what to name
to a sales agent
eugenio garza sada was delivered body and
soul to work making the
company of his family in 1921 he married
With a little consolation the zambrano güera and
that marriage eight children were born
all this with an entrepreneurial spirit the
which led him to digest other companies
as industrial values visas in the
decade of the thirties titans laforgia
among others
after his parents passed away he stayed like
general manager of the brewery
cuauhtémoc being thus one of his
small provisions already as a group
Monterrey was dedicated to producing its
own raw materials among others
things
the same year with his wife consolation and
roberto founded la salle colleges
isabela catholic but without doubt the greatest
satisfaction of don eugenio garza sada
was the foundation in the year of 1943 of the
technological district of studies
superior of monterrey
whose purpose was the formation of
highly professional people
qualified in an administrative state
I dedicate a great effort to the expansion
from Monterrey city that had the vision
prophetic was a tireless defender of
the private company and the freedom of
undertake his leadership in Monterrey was
clear and fruitful both on the campus of the
company as in education and
social assistance
unfortunately a group of guerrillas
ended with the life of an ingenuity on 17
September 1973 life works
and the example of don eugenio garza sada
represent a current testimony for
future generations